README.md, before:

# Portfolio Website

## Overview
This is a personal portfolio website showcasing projects, skills, and professional experience. The website is designed with a modern, responsive layout to provide an engaging user experience across all devices.

## Features
- Responsive design that works on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- Clean and modern user interface
- Project showcase section
- Skills and technologies display
- Contact information and social media links

## Technologies Used
- **HTML5** - Structure and content
- **CSS3** - Styling and animations
- **JavaScript** - Interactive functionality
- **Responsive Design** - Mobile-first approach

## Installation Instructions

### Prerequisites
- A modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge)
- Basic text editor (optional, for modifications)

### Steps to Run Locally
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/code-divyu/Portfolio-website.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd Portfolio-website
   ```

3. Open the `index.html` file in your web browser:
   - Double-click the `index.html` file, or
   - Right-click and select "Open with" your preferred browser

### Alternative: Using a Local Server
For a better development experience, you can use a local server:

**Using Python:**
```bash
python -m http.server 8000
```
Then visit `http://localhost:8000` in your browser.

**Using Node.js (http-server):**
```bash
npx http-server
```

## Usage Guidelines

### Customization
To customize this portfolio for your own use:

1. **Update Personal Information**: Edit the HTML files to include your own name, bio, and details
2. **Modify Styles**: Customize colors, fonts, and layouts in the CSS files
3. **Add Projects**: Update the projects section with your own work
4. **Update Images**: Replace placeholder images with your own photos and project screenshots

### File Structure
- `index.html` - Main landing page
- `css/` - Stylesheets directory
- `js/` - JavaScript files directory
- `images/` - Images and media assets

## Deployment

This website can be easily deployed using:
- **GitHub Pages**: Enable in repository settings
- **Netlify**: Drag and drop deployment
- **Vercel**: Connect your GitHub repository
- **Traditional hosting**: Upload files via FTP to any web host

## Contributing
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! Feel free to check the issues page if you want to contribute.

## Contact Information

**Developer**: Divyu
- **GitHub**: [@code-divyu](https://github.com/code-divyu)
- **Repository**: [Portfolio-website](https://github.com/code-divyu/Portfolio-website)

For any questions, suggestions, or collaboration opportunities, please feel free to reach out through GitHub.

## License
This project is open source and available for personal and educational use.

---

**Note**: Remember to update this README with your specific project details, actual features, and personal contact information.

Commit message:

Add About section to README
Added a new About section that provides an introduction to the portfolio website and describes the developer's approach to web development.

README.md, after:

# Portfolio Website

## About

Welcome to my portfolio website! This platform serves as a comprehensive showcase of my professional journey, technical skills, and creative projects. Built with passion and attention to detail, this website reflects my commitment to clean code, modern design principles, and user-centric development.

As a dedicated developer, I believe in creating digital experiences that are not only visually appealing but also functional and accessible. This portfolio demonstrates my proficiency in web technologies and my ability to transform ideas into reality through code.
## Overview
This is a personal portfolio website showcasing projects, skills, and professional experience. The website is designed with a modern, responsive layout to provide an engaging user experience across all devices.

## Features
- Responsive design that works on desktop, tablet, and mobile devices
- Clean and modern user interface
- Project showcase section
- Skills and technologies display
- Contact information and social media links

## Technologies Used
- **HTML5** - Structure and content
- **CSS3** - Styling and animations
- **JavaScript** - Interactive functionality
- **Responsive Design** - Mobile-first approach

## Installation Instructions

### Prerequisites
- A modern web browser (Chrome, Firefox, Safari, or Edge)
- Basic text editor (optional, for modifications)

### Steps to Run Locally
1. Clone the repository:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/code-divyu/Portfolio-website.git
   ```

2. Navigate to the project directory:
   ```bash
   cd Portfolio-website
   ```

3. Open the `index.html` file in your web browser:
   - Double-click the `index.html` file, or
   - Right-click and select "Open with" your preferred browser

### Alternative: Using a Local Server
For a better development experience, you can use a local server:

**Using Python:**
```bash
python -m http.server 8000
```
Then visit `http://localhost:8000` in your browser.

**Using Node.js (http-server):**
```bash
npx http-server
```

## Usage Guidelines

### Customization
To customize this portfolio for your own use:

1. **Update Personal Information**: Edit the HTML files to include your own name, bio, and details
2. **Modify Styles**: Customize colors, fonts, and layouts in the CSS files
3. **Add Projects**: Update the projects section with your own work
4. **Update Images**: Replace placeholder images with your own photos and project screenshots

### File Structure
- `index.html` - Main landing page
- `css/` - Stylesheets directory
- `js/` - JavaScript files directory
- `images/` - Images and media assets

## Deployment

This website can be easily deployed using:
- **GitHub Pages**: Enable in repository settings
- **Netlify**: Drag and drop deployment
- **Vercel**: Connect your GitHub repository
- **Traditional hosting**: Upload files via FTP to any web host

## Contributing
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! Feel free to check the issues page if you want to contribute.

## Contact Information

**Developer**: Divyu
- **GitHub**: [@code-divyu](https://github.com/code-divyu)
- **Repository**: [Portfolio-website](https://github.com/code-divyu/Portfolio-website)

For any questions, suggestions, or collaboration opportunities, please feel free to reach out through GitHub.

## License
This project is open source and available for personal and educational use.

---

**Note**: Remember to update this README with your specific project details, actual features, and personal contact information.
